intellij/doc/iteration-plan.md, before:

# Plan for Iteration #3

## High priority:
These are the elements that we will work on first for our next iteration.
- Manage Favorites + Notifications about favorites
- <sub>(Obviously, move to Android App from Text-Based Interface)</sub>

### Minor updates
This must be done, but we do not expect it to be major work and it is not a use case
- Add DishLibrary to avoid duplicate creation of dishes across several days

## Medium priority
* Add ability to change restrictions w/o restarting application (manage personal information)
* Preemptively fetch notable dates (e.g. today and tomorrow) and/or 
dates near requested one

## Potential requirements changes
- Manage reviews: Considering removing ratings functionality but keeping 
favorites functionality. This is under consideration depending on project 
timeline

# Plan for Iteration #2

Based on the below considerations, our plan is to work on getting the menu from the
CBA website, as that is the highest risk component of any of our use cases.

## ~~High priority~~

- ~~Get menu from CBA website in machine\*readable format (high risk, criticality, coverage)~~
- ~~Browse menu (high coverage, high criticality, low risk)~~

## ~~Medium priority~~

- ~~Navigate (high coverage, medium criticality, low risk)~~
- Manage favorites (medium criticality, medium coverage)

## Low priority

- Manage reviews (low criticality, medium coverage)
- Manage personal information (low criticality and coverage)


### Crossed out items have been completed

Commit message:

Add today prefill and README/iteration update

intellij/doc/iteration-plan.md, after:

# Plan for Iteration #4:
## High Priority: 
- Favorites functionality to alert user when favorite is available

## Medium Priority: 
- Dish Library to cache dishes that we've seen 
- Persistence for Restrictions, DayLibrary, DishLibrary

## Low Priority: 
- Preemptively fetch notable dates (e.g. today and tomorrow) and/or
  dates near requested one

# Plan for Iteration #3

## High priority:
These are the elements that we will work on first for our next iteration.
- Manage Favorites + Notifications about favorites
- <sub>(Obviously, move to Android App from Text-Based Interface)</sub>

### Minor updates
This must be done, but we do not expect it to be major work and it is not a use case
- ~~Add DishLibrary to avoid duplicate creation of dishes across several days~~

## Medium priority
* Add ability to change restrictions w/o restarting application (manage personal information)
* ~~Preemptively fetch notable dates (e.g. today and tomorrow) and/or
  dates near requested one~~

## Potential requirements changes
> UPDATE: REMOVED
- Manage reviews: Considering removing ratings functionality but keeping 
favorites functionality. This is under consideration depending on project 
timeline

# Plan for Iteration #2

Based on the below considerations, our plan is to work on getting the menu from the
CBA website, as that is the highest risk component of any of our use cases.

## ~~High priority~~

- ~~Get menu from CBA website in machine\*readable format (high risk, criticality, coverage)~~
- ~~Browse menu (high coverage, high criticality, low risk)~~

## ~~Medium priority~~

- ~~Navigate (high coverage, medium criticality, low risk)~~
- Manage favorites (medium criticality, medium coverage)

## Low priority

- Manage reviews (low criticality, medium coverage)
- Manage personal information (low criticality and coverage)


### Crossed out items have been completed
